Refactor(eos_designs): Setting ospf.area default values to 0.0.0.0 (#4536)
aristanetworks/ansible-avd: ansible_collections/arista/avd/docs/porting-guides/5.x.x.md

+      non_mlag: 1020
```

> ### Default value for OSPF area has been set to `0.0.0.0`

Author: ```suggestion
### Default value for OSPF area has been updated to `0.0.0.0`
```

> 

Reviewer: We may not need to mention this in porting guide.

Reviewer 2: Yes, we should include details on how to revert the default. I will take care of it.

> With AVD version 5.0.0, the default value for OSPF area has been set to "0.0.0.0" to align with how EOS interprets the value "0".

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
With AVD version 5.0.0, the default value for OSPF area has been updated to "0.0.0.0" to align with EOS's interpretation of the value "0".
```

```diff
ethernet_interfaces:
  - name: Ethernet3.10
    peer_type: l3_interface
    ip_address: 10.0.1.1/29
    shutdown: false
    description: C1_L3_SERVICE
    encapsulation_dot1q:
      vlan: 10
    vrf: C1_VRF1
-    ospf_area: '0'
+    ospf_area: 0.0.0.0

> ```

Reviewer 4: This should show how to revert the change by setting the various vars where we have changed the default.

Author: Fixed

+      non_mlag: 1020
```

### Default value for OSPF area has been updated to `0.0.0.0`

With AVD version 5.0.0, the default value for OSPF area has been updated to "0.0.0.0" to align with EOS's interpretation of the value "0".

To revert this behavior, please update your inventory as follows:

```diff
tenants:
  - name: TENANT_A
    vrfs:
      - name: TENANT_B_INTRA
        vrf_id: 19
        ospf:
          enabled: true
          router_id: 123.1.1.0
        l3_interfaces:
          - description: TENANT_A_SITE_3_INTRA_L3VPN
            enabled: true
            interfaces:
              - Ethernet6.10
            ip_addresses:
              - 123.1.1.0/31
            nodes:
              - SITE1-LER1
            ospf:
              enabled: true

> +              area: 0

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+             area: 0
```

              cost: 10
        loopbacks:
          - loopback: 123
            ip_address: 10.1.53.0/32
            node: DC1-LEAF2A
            description: Test-Loopback
            enabled: true
            ospf:
              enabled: true

> +              area: 0

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+             area: 0
```

        svis:
          - id: 113
            name: Tenant_A_OP_Zone_4
            tags: [ DC1_LEAF1 ]
            enabled: True
            ospf:
              enabled: true

> +              area: 0

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+             area: 0
```
